Raw comments for Andrew DeOrio from University of Michigan, at RMP link https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1765657:
Just doesn't care about you as a person, which I feel like is more important
Professor DeOrio is a great lecturer, but EECS 485 is a strange class that requires way too much office hours help and self-learning. DeOrio keeps lectures engaging and loves to answer questions, and I would highly recommend going to his lecture in-person. I recommend him but I think the class is way overrated.
I had the tremendous pleasure of taking Professor DeOrio's classes in both EECS 280 and EECS 485 (this review is for 485). Absolutely outstanding professor. Extremely clear examples, wonderful slides, fully supports asynch learning, and hilarious chicken stories. EECS 485 is hard and project-focused, but the projects are well made and fun. 10/10
He is a good professor but I had a hard time with his lectures sometimes. He really goes into depth with examples first then practically races through a generalized solution. It makes the examples a bore and then makes you pause and then digest the general solutions. I think the format and content are good, but the timing is not perfect
He is the God of EECS 280. He redesigned the course several years ago which made the course amazingly brilliant. Lectures are super clear, caring, good-paced, and valuable. Although he didn't teach the course in Winter 2022, I was able to access his past lectures and succeeded this course. Best EECS 280 lecturer. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome.
Absolutely superb professor. I had no idea if I wanted to go into CS until I finished his class. Would be willing to take any class with this man.
Amazing lecturer.
The instructor is great with explanations and examples, bringing enthusiasm to every lecture.
Very good lecturer and a knowledgeable guy. The course itself is pretty project heavy and you'll probably want to read ahead of the lectures to stay on track. No complaints, a solid choice for your lecture section.
Very inspirational professor! Super funny chicken story! Very well-prepared class! His explanations make CS concepts easy to understand.
CHICKEN STORIES AMAZING FEEDBACK RESPONSIVE CARING BEST PROFESSOR EVER
In a semester with online lectures in every class, I actually looked forward to DeOrio's lectures despite the difficult content. His lectures are engaging, funny, and all around solid. His care for students and enthusiasm for teaching are abundantly clear in his lectures. Prof. DeOrio is undoubtedly the best lecturer I've ever had at uMich.
With all of the classes online, DeOrio is the best lecturer I've had. He seems to care deeply about teaching and the material. Especially for people with short attention spans, he does an amazing job of breaking up content and making it digestable. I can't recommend him highly enough.
Really great professor! As other reviewer mentioned, really great asynchronous lectures and all official class time were basically professor office hour, which were great to ask questions from the lecture videos. Also included some fun terminal utilities to keep you interested. He made a difficult midterm, but the finals was ok to make up for it.
Very high quality recorded lectures even during COVID-19. The class was difficult but very interesting if you like web development. My one complaint is that it covers too many things but not very in depth, so it was hard to understand some of the concepts because they felt glossed over.
The best lecturer I have ever had. I took this class during COVID (so 100% online), but he breaks content into very digestible and understandable chunks. He understands the shortcomings of the human attention span, and capitalizes on them. He often says "if I'm losing you, come back to me" etc. Other profs should take advice on him on how to lectur
Fabulous lecturer. I did not take this class year because he took paternity leave and I really wanted to have him. His curriculum for EECS 485 makes you a very marketable engineer. He adds extensive tangents as well as (100% optional) labs that give you great background knowledge on how to use AWS. On the medium to slightly difficult side for EECS
Web Systems had the best lectures of any CS class I took, and the class offers a great intro into many aspects of the subject. Very relevant work. Takes care to keep his content fresh and his teaching methods dynamic and engaging, unlike most teachers I had. Relatively young, so he is more relatable than most teachers I had. My fav eecs class!
Best lecturer I've had, in the most interesting class I've ever taken. DeOrio is a beast
I had DeOrio for both EECS280 and EECS485. He is a genuinely funny and good person and a fabulous lecturer. I only took 485 this semester because he was teaching and I don't regret it. If you have the chance to have him as a professor, don't pass it up.
Professor DeOrio is hands down the best professor I've had thus far. He explains difficult material clearly, and mixes in stories to keep things engaging. Be ready to hear about his pet chickens. The projects are quite difficult but if you use the full amount of time to do them and use your resources they're very doable.
I love deOrio. Awesome guy and lecturer!
He's a good, entertaining lecturer. Tests were a little confusing but I blame that more on his staff than him.
DeOrio is really clear and really engaging during lectures. He will stop anytime anyone has a question and give a near-perfect response. Readily accessible during office hours. Best choice for 280.
DeOrio is a very energetic lecturer. He lectures at a very good pace. He makes sure that his students have everything they need to do well on the projects. His exam reviews are very thorough. If you are willing to put the effort in, DeOrio gives you all the tools you need to do well in the class.
Watch the lectures if you don't feel like going. Start the projects early and study their content for exams
I liked his lectures, pretty fun. The first three projects were new this semester, so the autograder was not acting right a few times, but they boosted the submission times to 10 times/day to compensate for these projects, which is good enough. Love his chickens' stories
For the first 3 projects in the class, the autograder was not released until 3 days before deadline which is absolutely unacceptable. Even when the autograder is released, it is not fully functional until its too late. Not only that, but the spec for the projects was not fully correct when released. Never have I taken a more disorganized class here
Deorio is a great professor that really cares about his students. His lectures are engaging and really funny, and I particularly enjoyed his chicken stories. I found his slides to be very clear and he always made an effort to clarify vague points.
Do not take a class with this lecturer. He makes exams with way too many questions for short given time. Multiple choice questions are very tricky and deceptive, full of ambiguous and long answer choices with things like None of the above and All of the above combined. Some of the answers were correct according to googling but not accepted. Avoid
Prof (Drew) DeOrio is a silly man. I find that this quality enhances instruction. There is some written material, do read it. If lectures are downloadable, you can listen to them podcast style (for review/missed lectures). Do be ready for groupwork! I'm looking at you introverts! I highly recommend this memelord.
Best professor I've had so far. You won't dread going to lecture.
I dont get the DeOrio hype. I have taken two classes with him and both classes were taught by other professors at the same time and preferred the more. I believe DeOrio definitely is not the best one to take 485 with.
engaging, funny and wonderful professor. i love eecs 280!
He is really great at keeping the content engaging. He's a pretty great professor if you're looking to actually get the content and hear some decent humor along the way.
He is an excellent lecturer on 280 but only a good lecturer on 485. I took it in WN 16 when he had full control over the course. The exams are very tricky (especially multiple choices which weren't present before he took over 485). I thought I almost failed the course due to exams but ended up with an A+... That's the trickiness you would expect.
The material is interesting but could be taught in more depth sicne web, big data, and cloud computing become increasing popular. For example, Hadoop could be practiced more and Spark could be introduced. Besides, he breezes through some important topics since the course touches almost everything a bit. Overall, a great course with huge potential.
You can tell DeOrio is passionate about teaching and he is good at it. I enjoyed taking EECS 485 with him and Jagadish co-teaching this past semester. EECS 485 is a great course, and taking it with either of these professors is a good choice.
Dr. DeOrio is the best professor that I have ever had in my four years here. He is funny (likes to talk about his chickens), clear, and very willing to meet and give feedback. He is very understanding of student's stress levels and is helpful if you put in the effort. Go to office hours if you are struggling, I guarantee he will work with you.
He simplifies things, but you still have to understand it for yourself. Always work on projects continuously - not only will that help your project grades, it will also help your exam grades.
I thought he did an incredible job of teaching the material. Did very well at breaking down the topics into easy to understand pieces. I highly recommend this class, and I highly recommend taking it with him.
Dr Deorio needs to spend more time learning the material for this course before teaching it. I've had him before and he's great when he has a mastery over the material, but he didn't and it showed. Further, he doesn't use class time well. He jam packs the material into 2/3 of the time and spends the rest of it breaking or telling stories.
Favorite teacher. Stories lighten up the class, explanations and questions in lecture are very clear and helpful.
EECS280 is an amazing class. You learn so much in so little time and it never seems overwhelming. DeOrio himself was a great lecturer and you can tell the preparation that goes into every lecture. For 280 he's the best you're gonna get. As a person he's fine (I think he tries too hard to relate/be funny) but overall positive experience
11/10 would take a class with Professor DeOrio again! He is an amazing lecturer and even more amazing at his office hours. He is my favorite professor at the university (and that's a very tough role to fill!)
Really nice and helpful and energetic. Gives you a solid understanding of basic programming concepts in the context of C++. If you pay attention to small details and prepare for the exams very hard, it is not hard to get an A, but you have to pray for an A+ when GSIs use crazy MIT exam problems for this course and he has no control over it!
An fantastic lecturer that is both full of enthusiasm for the material and excellent at presenting and explaining the concepts as well. As a solid understanding of the course material and beyond, and adjusts to the individual students' level of understanding to make sure that all his students are on track without holding them back.
This class was tough, but I enjoyed it despite my grade. You do need to start projects early (easier said than done) and study hard for the exams. Bad grades on projects will hurt your final grade, but good grades won't save you if you perform poorly on the exams. I found the material to be very useful for my future career.
I dropped 280 once after taking it with somebody else, retook it with Deorio and got an A. Deorio made the concepts more understandable. When you take the class a second time, it's a breeze. Tip: If you have to retake the class, ask for permission to reuse projects you did well on VIA EMAIL so you have it in writing.
280 is a really hard class, but for those who have to take it, Deorio is the guy to take it with. He is really clear in his lecture and does want students to succeed. You will learn a lot from him. However, 280 has to be a weeder class. People do well in 101 and say they wanna be a CS major, many of them give up after 280. Start projects early.
I took this class because it was required for my major (EE), left very interested in programming. Take this class with Deorio and he will make you very interested in the subject. After taking 280, you have enough knowledge to do a lot of things with programming, and it prepares you quite well for job interviews. Hard work, but it pays off.
Deorio is probably the best person you could possibly take EECS 280 with. Even if you don't particularly enjoy programming, you will still have a good experience with the class. It is extremely hard to get an A range grade, but a B range grade is very doable. You gotta start projects early as once the autograder closes, you get a 0 for the project.
Unlike Berkeley where all the past exams (even from 1993) of a programming course along with solutions are posted online and available to everybody, here you only got 2 practice exams without solutions. That makes getting AA+ pretty hard. GSIs can make crazy exam questions (e.g. static member function) which is impossible if you just go to lecture
DeOrio is definitely one of the best profs in the EECS department, if not the university. He has an excellent knack of making complicated computer science concepts clear in his lectures, while adding some humor to it. 280 as a whole is great except you don't get answers to practice exams, which is personally a huge bummer coming from 183101.
I took this class because it was required for my major and I'm not a huge fan of programming, but Deorio made my experience a good one. I found the class to be extremely difficult, but I did learn a lot. Lectures can feel slow and you might have a hard time paying attention, but you can watch the recordings at 1.5 speed and it's really helpful.
The reputation of EECS 280 being a tough class is true, especially if you are not in the habit of starting homework early. Deorio is great, but you won't magically understand the material just because you go to or watch his lectures. Exams are hard and acing every project doesn't guarantee that you will do well. No solutions to practice exams sucks
Projects are fun, lectures are amazing, and I had an awesome time overall in 280. That said, the exams seemed to be the main "grade maker" this semester. Everyone did well on (most of) the projects, so the only thing separating everyone's grades seemed to be the midterm and the final. I though Professor DeOrio did a great job preparing us though.
He's a good lecturer. I just want to warn everyone, if you are not already an expert in programming, take those exams seriously! Even if you get full scores on projects, you still have to study for a decent amount of time. Practice writing code on the paper! Class policy is ridiculous. No solutions published. And they won't reveal the curve.
This was quite a tough class for me. However, I couldn't think of anybody better than Deorio to teach it. Don't take this class if you are not willing to put in the work for it. Projects won't really save your grade if you do them, but can hurt your grade if you don't do them. Exams are also extremely hard and those ultimately determine your grade.
1 short project + 4 partner projects + 2 exams. Projects are easy to ace if you spend enough time, exams are tougher. Deorio is a great teacher, and keeps the class engaged.
Deorio is a spectacular professor. Best lectures that I have gone to at Umich
DeOrio knows his stuff, and he's definitely the prof to take 280 with. Lectures are incredibly clear and helpful, along with the in class examples. That said, he does seem a bit full of himself.
Deorio is awesome and you will learn a lot with him. Don't expect the class to be easy though, and don't listen to anybody that tells you it's a joke. Expect to work very hard and devote a lot of time if you are not great at programming. Also, don't expect to do well on the exams by only doing the projects. You need to practice using practice exams
This is a very difficult class. Deorio is probably the best person you could possibly take this class with though. The autograder doesn't tell you how you actually did on projects until after the due date and the unpublished test cases are very thorough so start projects early. Don't overlook the importance of studying for exams. They are tough.
Greatest professor I've ever had. He explains everything very clearly, and really knows his stuff. Also, his chicken stories are the best.
This is a very difficult class, especially for non-CS majors. It is a very heavy workload and very difficult to get a good grade in this class. However, I must say that I enjoyed having Deorio as a professor. Attendance at lectures is not mandatory, but I must say that he really kept me interested in going. No need to get the book for this class.
A fun and charismatic lecturer. This class was easy enough to get an A with only watching the recordings. You still learn a lot though. Would entirely recommend Deorio for EECS 280.
Others already said how amazing he is. I just want to reveal one secret to do well in 280 (and perhaps 281, 482, etc.): pay attention to exams!! Reason is that so many people do reasonably well in projects which take a lot of time but only count a small portion of grade, while exams count a lot but tend to be overlooked. So study for ezams hard!
DeOrio is one of the best teachers I've had. He is incredibly funny and interesting in class, and he really knows how explain concepts well.
There is no better person to teach this class than Deorio. The class is totally doable and is not necessarily as hard as people make it out to be. Can't treat it as a blow off class (not like anybody would), but if you put in the effort you should get at least a B. Not easy to get a high grade, but you will learn a lot of useful programming skills.
If you want to take this class, take it with Deorio and you will not regret it. It's a heavy workload and most definitely not a breeze, but worth taking if you enjoy programming. It's quite a big step up from engr 101. An A range grade is very hard to get, but a B range is quite doable.
Extremely difficult class. Although Deorio is a great lecture, I don't advise taking this course unless you are genuinely interested in programming, or if you are an EE and unfortunately have to take this class. Lots of work, there will always be people who come in already being experts, and class is set up to have a desired grade distribution.
Deorio is a great lecturer and makes the concepts understandable, but getting a good grade in this class is extremely difficult. Chances are half the people will come in already knowing everything, but the CS department just won't let them start with 281 or higher. Class is graded on a curve, so you will be competing with those experts, which sucks
If you are in EE and have to take EECS 280 (the TAs are sorry that you have to take this class), take it with Deorio. Although I'm still not the biggest fan of programming, I ended up liking it more than I thought I would. You will need to work extremely hard to get a decent grade as you will be competing with CS wannabes. Start projects early.
EECS 281 is notoriously difficult, but Professor Deorio explains concepts in ways that are very easy to understand. The most crucial part about passing this course is giving yourself enough time to do the projects. This cannot be stressed enough. For every hour you spend writing code, you'll spend four to five of them debugging, guaranteed.
You will learn a lot from Deorio, but it is a lot of work. People who do poorly on projects likely don't start early enough (the autograder won't accept anything even a fraction of a second late), but otherwise it shouldn't be terribly difficult to get 90% on them. You usually get an easier and a much harder exam.
Not a class to take "just for fun", but take this class with Deorio, nobody else. Lectures will always keep you interested. Start your projects early though, because he is hard on deadlines. Don't be that person emailing him your excuses at 11:56pm on the due date asking for special consideration. His reply will be "read the syllabus"!
Deorio is a great lecturer. I was only unhappy with not having solutions to practice exams, but other than that it was all good. You only get one midterm (25%) and one final (30%), so you can't easily recover after bombing one. Try to get every point you can on the projects (40%). Labs can make a difference if you are near a final grade cutoff (5%)
Hard class, but meant to weed CS wannabes. Everyone got A's in 101 or 183 and said "I'm doing CS", this class gets many of them to say "never mind". Take if you are seriously interested in programming, but getting an A in 101 or 183 doesn't mean you will succeed. 101 is for weeding engineers in general, 280 is the start of weeding CS people
One of the hardest but also one of the most fun classes I've taken. Although I won't be continuing onto 281, I can say that learned a lot. Be prepared for a very heavy workload. You won't magically understand the material just because you have Deorio. You have to actually do the coding to learn. Deorio is just like Nolta (if you've ever taken orgo)
Deorio is a great guy and always makes lecture worth going to. Programming is not what I'm best at, so I struggled a lot with this class. Half the class doesn't attend lecture because they come in as already expert programmers. You will be competing against them and that is why some people say the class is extremely hard and some say extremely easy
Incredible professor. Very clear in his lectures.
He can explain things very clearly. Love this professor!
As an EE you will either really love or really hate this class. I hated the class, but still thought Deorio was awesome. Lot's of people don't go to lecture because they were already expert programmers coming in. I got an A, but because I retook the class after dropping it once. Each semester, roughly 10% of the class drops because it's that hard.
This class is going make you work and learn a lot in the process. DeOrio is super good at explaining concepts. His lectures are an hour and half and they flew by. It is important that you work on the problems he gives you in class because they are like exams questions. Start projects early. There will be a "easy" exam and a hard exam so prepare.
DeOrio was amazing. The class definitely covers some tricky topics, but it's not unreasonable, and he makes them clear and interesting. I'm not sure if the lectures are necessary to pass, but they were definitely fun and interesting enough that I wanted to go anyway. Projects are tough, but DeOrio is super helpful if you ask him.
Professor DeOrio is good teacher. He explains concepts very clearly and class is fun. Heavy course in that there's lots to learn but definitely doable. Start assignments early. Don't be intimidated by the students with programming experience. They're definitely in the minority but tend to be more vocal. My only experience was EECS 183 before this.
Deorio is a great lecturer. There will be things that don't easily click in lecture, so you learn by doing the labs and projects. Exams can be very hard, but there is a curve. Start the projects early, as office hours get very crowded when deadlines come close and you don't get to turn in a late project, even if it is only a fraction of a second
Deorio is awesome and hilarious and I enjoyed going to class. He is as awesome as Nolta in the chem department. This class is the workload of a 5 or 6 credit class though. I did find it frustrating that that they don't provide answers to practice exams, however. It's just like orgo, where they do not provide answers to the coursepack questions.
I found this class to be extremely difficult. At least half the class came in as already expert programmers, so it is extremely competitive. That is also why some people will tell you this class is a joke. Deorio is a great lecturer, but I really struggled a lot because of the competition. Don't take this with any other hard classes (like orgo)
Great lecturer. This course itself is not hard regarding logic and information. It's just really time-demanding. Most people in this class are not taking any "hard" classes(by hard I mean math or phys or engr above 300), so they seem to have a lot of time to spend on this class. So competition was tough. Be prepared. Loved his chicken stories.
For all you non-CSEngin majors (I'm Informatics) This is a heavy workload--heavier if you aren't good at programming. DeOrio is a clear lecturer, tells you what you need to know. I found his lectures extremely informative, especially for the projects. (also, he has good insight to furthering programming education) (also he tells chicken stories)
Deorio is a great lecturer. This class is just very hard if you weren't a great programmer to begin with. If you're an electrical engineer, they're sorry that you have to take this class. Get ready to have to spend 30 hours on a project if you didn't come in as an expert programmer (which is half the class) before taking this class.
Great class, great prof.
Fantastic professor. Not eaay, but you will understand the topic, guarenteed.
Really clear and thorough explanations of everything. Prepares you well for projects and exams, as well as for the real world (interview questions, programming practices). One of the best professors I've had.
DeOrio was the best professor I've had so far. His lectures are clear and concise, he's humorous, and I rarely got bored. Projects were a perfect level of difficulty (medium difficulty to get in the B range but challenging to get an A). Exams were definitely fair, though there wasn't much practice material (practice exams didn't have solutions).
DeOrio is by far my favorite professor I've ever had. His lectures are entertaining as well as informative. His lectures go by super fast and he always stops in the middle of class to talk about tech news and for a 5 minute break.
THE man to take 280 with. Crystal clear.
Drew covered the Engineering section of UARTS 250. He brought a great energy to class, he was always enthusiastic and ready to help. He was a wonderful professor to work with.
Amazing professor. I did not originally register with this professor, but I would watch all the lectures online. Extremely clear. The projects are a step up from 101 and the exams are definitely harder.
Great professor, favorite class so far
He's just the bomb, take a class from him if you can.
DeOrio is a good lecturer, but is never very helpful in Office Hours and seems to always want to reinforce his superiority over students. Also, he doesn't provide any answers for the sample exams which is frustrating.
DeOrio is very clear and goes fast during lecture. His lectures are very interactive and you will work lots of exercises during them -- it's a lot of work but it's very helpful in the end. Projects are manageable if you plan ahead.
Head over heels the best CS prof at uMich (in my experience so far). He teaches the concepts in a way that it is impossible not to understand them. If he taught a class at 6am I would take it
DeOrio is the man. Aside from having cool stories to tell he teaches programming really really well. He presents new concepts in an interesting and effective matter and helps to elucidate tough concepts with metaphors and examples. So helpful when you ask a question as well. Take DeOrio if you can. Best EECS prof I've had.
Awesome teacher. Super helpful and very good at explaining the material
DeOrio is such a great teacher! His lectures are fun and interesting and help you learn the material. IMO his only shortcoming as a teacher is that he is VERY strict and unforgiving on deadlines. I did not get my project 4 in on time and I emailed him immediately but still got a 0 on it. Starting early is a good idea.
Professor DeOrio is great, not only he is helpful at Office hours and lectures (very entertaining). He is also very Nice and helpful outside the calssroom if you have other projects! Best proffessor in the School so far!
He is a great professor. Enough said. Everyone knows that he is the best. Take him if you can. He takes a 5 minute break in the middle of class so everyone can stretch and talk about new technology news - really cool.
EECS280 is not difficult if you've taken any programming prior. You have 2 weeks to finish programming projects. If you start when they are assigned, it shouldn't taken you more than a couple days to finish. (around 4-8 total hours a project). DeOrio explains material okay. I found the class easy, but I wouldn't say because of DeOrio.
He's a great professor! Make sure you go through the code he posts on ctools for all his lectures. It'll help you understand the material, as well as with the labs and projects! Its a tough class so START THE PROJECTS EARLY!!!!
So good that he is my first professor I've rated on this site. Explains the most confusing topics in such a clear way. If you don't get caught up in the perceived difficulty of topics and just listen to what he is saying, everything just makes sense. Exams are beyond difficult, but the class is curved, so it kinda balances out. Overall, solid prof.
Professor Deorio is hands down my favorite professor so far at Michigan. If you have the chance to take a class with him, do it; even if it's at 6AM! (Don't worry it won't be which is why you especially can't pass up a class with him)
Very good instructor. Great personality, and very clear lecturer. Slight word of warning: if you're coming from EECS 183, try to look into working in a Terminal before you take the class. They just kind of spring it on you, and everyone who took ENGIN 101 already knows whats up.
EECS 280 can be a difficult class for a lot of people, but no one is going to make the material more comprehensible than Andrew DeOrio. He's an amazing, amazing professor and will go out of his way to help you succeed. Take 280 with him if you can!
Deorio is an amazing professor. He's great at explaining concepts in a way that is easy to understand. He genuinely cares about teaching and will adjust his lectures to where his students are at. Start the projects early and you will have no problem learning and enjoying this class. Very valuable class with a fantastic teacher.
Excellent professor that clearly loves to teach. Very informative and helpful lectures. He is always happy to answer questions during lecture and office hours. Very good at explaining confusing topics. Highly recommended.
EECS 281 was always better when DeOrio taught, rather than Syed.
He is very clear, logical, and gives great examples.
Hands down best prof at Michigan. In the lesson on exception throwing, he actually throw whiteboard markers at students!
A great professor- funny, interesting and really kept the class engaged. He takes a break in the middle of the class to wake everyone up and talk about the news a bit, which really breaks up the monotony. Also, I never bought the textbook and never felt like I was missing anything.
DeOrio is the best professor I've had at Umich. He is extremely intelligent, uses helpful examples, and answers every questions very thoroughly. Take every class you can with him.
Had him for 281 in the winter, a very fun and engaging professor. Would definitely take another course with him
Professor DeOrio is great! He always takes time during lecture to answer whatever questions you have, and he offers lots of extra office hours if you can't make it to his (which I'd highly recommend going to). Exams and projects are hard, but if you start early he'll help you out with whatever.
Professor DeOrio is fantastic. He is very engaging in class, clear and to the point, and has a great sense of humor. The difference between when he was leading the class and when another professor subbed for him one day was astronomical.
DeOrio is an amazing professor. The most helpful professor I've had so far, he will thoroughly answer every question so no one is confused. Best 280 professor by far.

Raw comments for David Paoletti from University of Michigan, at RMP link https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1836686:
281 is a difficult class. The tests honestly are kinda terrible but as a teacher Paoletti is the best Ive had at Michigan. Hes passionate about the material, his project videos are gifts from heaven and if you put in the time you can do well in the class. Even if he isn't your professor I highly recommend you attend Paolettis lectures.
Definitely one of the BEST professors in umich. Took his 281 and basically decide my future career path. He really cares about his students and spends a lot of time during office hours. I went there twice and every time he could quickly identify the issue and gave me detailed explanations about why this could cause TLE.
An absolute gem of the EECS department. His lectures and project tutorials are essential to surviving EECS 281. His office hours is the best place to turn to for any project-related help. He made EECS 281 so much better for me and undoubtedly many others.
Gives the best debugging advice during proffice hours which made doing projects so much easier. His lectures are easy to understand.
Paoletti is the man you'll go to whenever you need help on projects. Man makes some of the best project walkthroughs in the world. I also had him as my advisor when I was declaring my CS major; he was nice and helpful, giving out a lot of useful information, and many supportive suggestions. The best teacher I've met at UMich so far.
Dr. Paoletti is a fantastic teacher. He is extremely knowledgable about anything CS related and gives very clear explanations in lectures. The only negative I can think of is his silky smooth voice putting me to sleep when watching lectures late at night. But seriously can't recommend Dr. Paoletti enough, another absolute gem in the CS department.
Incredibly knowledgeable for 281 and always giving helpful advice and tips for projects. Also an engaging lecturer teaching very useful material
Cannot find an internship without him.
There were times when I found lectures quite boring, but that could just be because the material on some days was not as interesting as on others.
Very clear and extremely helpful in office hours. Truly a genious in teaching and coding. Go to his office hours. He will definitely make you satisfied.
By far my favorite professor at UM.
Great, probably one of the best professors in U of M. He is very caring and very insightful. His project videos and lectures are the best. I wouldn't doubt it if a lot of the CS majors were able to stay in CS track because of him. Go to his OH. He will be patient and be able to analyze your code in just a few minutes and give you acute feedback.
Great professor. Took 281 during covid. Dr. P is very kind and caring. His teaching is very clear and interesting. His project guide video is extremely helpful (gives quite detailed outlines of projects) The proffice hour is very helpful too. He will try to help every student there with their specific questions. Very efficient for projects.
Dr. P is one of the most helpful professors at UofM. 281 is a massive step up from 280, but he makes the transition much less jarring. He has helpful tutorial videos for tough projects and is a phenomenal lecturer. Dr. P has this amazing ability of always giving you a clear, correct answer in office hours, it's honestly insane. Very good professor
Excellent lecturer that really knows what he's doing. He gives a lot of project hints in the videos so they makes the projects more understandable.
Class is a lot of work, but it really helps you learn how to code. Dr P is really good at explaining things, and is very helpful in office hours (although long lines for the class are a huge problem). They hand out project hints like candy. Many people get 90+ on projects, so exams are the real grade determiner.
Paoletti is one of the best professors I've ever had. The projects are not hard to get high 90s in, just go to office hours as early and often as possible. Paoletti is really good because he's always willing to stay late to help students. Your grade will mainly be decided by the exams so study early and hard!
Great in lectures and in OH. Super knowledgeable and in depth in his lectures.
Dr. Paoletti was fine, but I thought his lectures were extremely boring. EECS majors love to exaggerate how hard 281 is, but it's really not that bad. Labs can be low-key difficult, so heads up. Only advice for 281 is don't be your own enemy and be responsible for the work. The MC on exams is typical, but the FRQs are hard to prepare for.
The project is definitely hard, but Dr. Paoletti knows really well about the projects. He will find your bug within a few minutes even the code is a thousand lines long. His lecture is very interesting and well explained. Love him so much!
I didn't go to his lectures but I did watch some of them and he was pretty good. He was great in office hours.
Great professor! He is always very organized and able to answer questions extremely well. Also, he always entertains questions in proffice hours that go beyond the scope of the class. He is inspiring in his passion for comp sci and is able to share that enthusiasm with his students. Loved the class with him!
The best teacher in any subject that I have ever had. 281 is really heavy, but if you put great effort into understanding everything Dr. P explains, you will learn more than you could ever believe. My favorite class at the university by a long shot.
Absolute genius
Dr. P is a great professor. Very blunt in his teachings but very helpful as well. I'm gonna have nightmares from him saying "Canvas Files Resources Optimization Tips," but I'd definitely take another class with him.
Amazing professor. Great explainer and willing to work with students.
Usually as professors age they maintain stellar conceptual understanding and lose their coding chops. Paoletti has both. He's a true Computer Scientist. If you do your part and put in the work, he has the answers to any of your questions. Yes, the course is a huge amount of work, and it makes Paoletti even more critical. He's the best in OH too.
Paoletti is a really clear lecturer and makes sure that all of the conceptual stuff taught in lecture is tied into practical examples. He is also really good about taking as much time as necessary to help everyone during office hours. For 281, start early. seriously.
One of the best lecturers I've had (super clear and knowledgeable). He also gives hints about the projects during lectures and will often stay longer in Proffice Hours to get to everyone (really helpful for projects). Get in the queue early though and be prepared to take some criticism from him if you do dumb things in your code.
Dr. P is one of the best lecturers here. Well organized and explained in a very clear manner. Also very eager to help students.
Dr. P is a fantastic dude. If you go to his proffice hours for the projects, he will kind of berate you for doing dumb things with your code and then tell you how to do better in a clear and instructive manner. Friendly guy, magician in coding. Go to/watch his lectures if you can.
Very helpful professor who often stays overtime in office hours. The entire staff was excellent. During the spring term, people tended to do better than in a normal term since they would take only this course. A lot of people do very well on the projects, so it usually comes down to the exams to determine grades.
We call him God.P
Probably the best professor I've ever had at the university. His lectures are clear and is willing to stay after the lecture is over to answer questions about projects. He is also incredibly helpful in office hours where he would stay as late as he possibly could helping students on the project. Class has lots of work but taking it with Dr.P helped
Lots of work, but this is the class a lot of programming positions look for completion of at the very minimum. Dr. P is absolutely great, and will often stay until everybody in the queue is helped in proffice hours. If you start the projects early enough, it is actually easy to get 90+ on them. The exams are very hard and are the grade determiners.
I usually do not say this, but dude is an effin genius. Completely agree with the other reviews: take EECS281 with Paoletti and you will not regret it. He helps you understand the material well and is EXTREMELY helpful in Proffice Hours. He can be a little cold at times, but an amazing professor for sure.
This class is the heaviest workload you will have, unless you later take 381 or 482. But you really learn a lot. I like that Dr. P goes over the project in lecture. Go to proffice hours to get projects done. Dr. P really devotes a lot of extra time to helping students near project deadlines, even long after his office hours are supposed to end.
He is so nice and NOT condescending when he is in office hours. Does not waste time, really gets to the point. He is a very nice and approachable guy. He elaborates well during lecture, which I did not find to be the case for Darden, the other 281 prof. Darden wasn't as clear. Pauletti is the way to go, IMO!
Teaches really well and extremely helpful. The exams are very tricky.
Amazing professor. I preferred him slightly to Darden (although both of them are excellent) just because of how clear his explanations are, and his constant use of examples when teaching. He's also extremely helpful during office hours. He can find bugs quicker than those guys who go door-to-door advertising their pest control services.
He is a great prof! He really cares about his students.
Once I had a bug that I couldn't find in two days and also asked other three GSIs in OH just in vain, he found it out in his OH in ten minutes. Knowledgeable and nice, he will explain concepts very patiently and clearly. The best I've ever seen.
Dr. P was incredible. This course was super challenging, but Dr. P was always very supportive and helpful. Sometimes I went to proffice hours just so I could hang out with him!
An awesome professor who explains the concepts clearly. He is also very helpful during office hours. If you have a bug that you can't figure out, don't hesitate to ask him for help!
Prof. Paoletti is a very great lecturer. However, the exams the EECS281 Staff create can be unreasonably difficult at times. The projects and homework make you learn a LOT.
Wow, there aren't so many well-informed and patient professors out there! Even though his vast knowledge on the STL may seem intimidating, he is a down-to-earth person. Really cannot recommend him enough! If you are reading Dr. Paoletti, thank you so much for all your help.
Dr Paoletti knows his stuff super well, and is incredibly clear in lecture. On more than one occasion, he has extended his office hours into dinner time or held them on weekends to help students on projects.
It's absolutely imperative that you go to OH for help with the projects! Just get into the habit of going the first OH once a project is assigned and just listen to others' questions if you don't have your own - OH are basically empty and the advice you gain at the beginning will rocket you ahead of the crowd and help so much with projects!
Dr. P: clearest prof I've had period. Go to proffice hours: he's helpful and efficient. Encourages in-class questions, which he answers insightfully while maintaining the lecture's flow. Darden v. Dr.P: auditory v. visual; oversimplifies v. gets pedantic; 20% of class is news,jokes,closing doors v. 100% of class is ideas,examples,explanations.
Definitely loves teaching and helping students. Start the projects early (which means learn everything ahead of time), study for the exams really hard, and do not waste too much time on poorly worded homework questions :) Overall a great instructor, a real C/C++ expert, and a kind person!
Dr. P is the best CS professor that I have had! He is so helpful at office hours and he truly cares and gives you great suggestions.
Paoletti is an EXCELLENT instructor. His lectures are very clear, and he really cares about his students (he once came to class with a really hoarse throat just so that he could give an exam review). Your performance in 280 is very important for this course. If you did well in 280, you will breeze through 281. If not, you will have a hard time.
I liked Paoletti. He was really helpful in office hours, which I went to a lot because the projects are really hard. The class is tough, but Paoletti makes it easier.
This class is extremely difficult unless you put in maximum effort, a mistake I made this semester. The professors will be there for you, and Paoletti is very approachable and explains the concepts were, but be ready to work like crazy in this class.
EECS 281 is known to be notoriously difficult - yet Dr. Paoletti does an amazing job at explaining the concept perfectly! I would definitely recommend him for 281 and any other EECS class.
Prof. Paoletti and the rest of the staff made the right of passing for CSCE students bearable. Very helpful in office hours, very clear and concise with his lectures.
Paoletti was a great prof for this class. All of his lectures were incredibly clear and he constantly gives examples to makes sure that students understand what's going on. He's very clear about what needs to be done on projects and exams to do well. Difficult class, but you'll learn A TON. One of my favorite classes at U of M so far.
Great professor. THE guy to take 281 with. Very clear during lecture, and also very fair with students.
Very good professor. Clear in lectures, and helpful. Class isn't bad at all if you study.
Great professor, well-organized and very clear in lecture. Very knowledgeable. Cares about students understanding concepts and very helpful in office hours. Pay attention to what he says in class and examsprojects are not that difficult.
Awesome professor, really knows his stuff and is really good at explaining. Great experience learning some pretty advanced, and quite useful material.
Professor Paoletti is one of the best professors I had in college. Comparing to those who only cares about research and don't care about students at all, Professor Paoletti is what an extraordinary people should be.
The BEST prof ever!
David Paoletti is probably the best professor I have ever had, with exception to Alexander Potts, an Art History Professor at U of M. Paoletti's knowledge of the STL is unprecedented, with exception to Bjarne Stroustrup, the creator of C++ itself. He is incredibly helpful, in stark contrast to the rest of the EECS department, imbecilic and rude.
Tough class, cool dude
Three professors taught this class. I liked them all. He went pretty in depth with his explanations and loves the STL. He's a good guy. I don't have anything bad to say.
Excellent professor. He is CRYSTAL clear in lecture and does a great job explaining the material. Projects were time consuming, but only two of them (P3 & P4) were actually somewhat difficult. Exams were fairly difficult/tricky, especially the final.
Hes a really nice guy, and hes genuinely interested in teaching. I'd take 183 with him not MLD!
Great professor. Take 281 with him if possible!
Amazing professor. Made the class easy. I look forward to taking more classes that he teaches.
Dr. Paoletti was the better of the two lecturers (Don Winsor was the other) I had for 281, in terms of clarity. He does a really good job of making complex subjects accessible to struggling students. Plus, as a bonus he kinda looks like Saruman from LotR.
Dr. Paoletti was great. His lectures were concise, he was very helpful in OH, and he didn't expect the world of students. If you have a chance to take 281 with him, jump at it. It's a heavy class, but Dr. Paoletti helps to make it bearable.
Prof. Paoletti gives very clear explanations, is extremely helpful on Piazza, and genuinely cares about his students. Welcome to the EECS department!
Awesome Professor! He kept the class interesting and relevant. I'd love to take another class with him!
Great instructor!
Excellent man to have in the University of Michigan Computer Science department!
Extremely helpful, and very clear with his explanations. However, he goes very slowly in lecture, which makes it hard to stay interested.
Paoletti works hard to make sure his explanations are as clear as possible. The only downside is that he sometimes tries so hard he reexplains enough old information to make you lose interest. Overall he is a good teacher and works hard to help anyone. His office hours are also really helpful.

Raw comments for Atul Prakash from University of Michigan, at RMP link https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/842649:
Super chill dude. His OH are more for theory based questions and not bugs in your code. Lectures are recorded even though he said they wouldn't be at the start of the year. Projects and Homework can be done in a day or two by yourself if you keep up to date with the class. Midterm was fair and equal to a normal CS exam difficulty wise
No doubt that he teaches pretty boring. However, he is a decent instructor. Definitely knows what he's talking about just needs to come more prepared to class.
He doesn't know how to teach undergrads. He always arrives late. Terrible lecturer.
He never draw graphs. He speaks fast and wants you to imagine everything in your own mind. His accent is hard to understand.
EECS 484 is badly structured. There is no sample exam answer online, but we discuss with our wrong idea on the Piazza. So crazy, waste a lot of time to learn bad knowledge? We argue a lot of time, but end with still no answer posted.
A lot of the material covered in lecture is useful in general, but the real helpful tips, tricks, and solid review of exam material happens in lecture. Prof. Prakash generally has a pretty good idea of what's going on in class, but was sometimes unable to answer difficult questions to student satisfaction. Slides were sometimes poorly prepared.
He did a good job explaining things during lectures. Homework and projects are at another level of difficulty. You have to do some research on your own in order to finish them. Autograders for the first two projects are awful (no feedback). Exams are the most horrific thing, if you can get half of questions right, you are in good shape.
Don't take EECS 484 with Prakash. It is badly structured, and on projects you will be graded for things that are not mentioned in the spec. As a senior 4.0 EECS student, I know how to do EECS projects, but these projects were BS. If you do everything in the spec perfectly you can still get blind sided by a 50%. Wait for a better prof for 484
EECS 484 with Prakash is a miserable experience. Projects: awful. Homework: overcomplicated. Exams: out of left field.
Very helpful. Go to office hours. If you do all the assignments and go to office hour you will do well in the class. Class is curved.
Professor Prakash is probably the nicest and most understanding professor I have had. While the class is by no means easy, I definitely learned a lot throughout the semester. The atmosphere of the class is super relaxed and you are basically free to do whatever you want.
SUPER helpful and knowledgable; class can get kind of scatterbrained though (we started learning C++ even though this class is supposed to be entirely an intro to Python). He really teaches you the fundamentals of programming though; I'd recommend this for any beginner or first-timer in programming, but not for one who has had experience.
very nice amicable professor
Challenging class, but I learn A LOT!
Good class, good prof. If you are lost on a project, go to his office hours. You'll have to wait a while, and then probably still spend a few hours thinking about it afterwards, but he will get you thinking in the right direction. He's very relaxed about his lectures, so you can do your own thing in class if you know what's going on already.
This class is really good and Prakash is very helpful.
Easy class. Good prof.
Very easy class. He was great about meeting outside of class time and very good at clearly explaining things. Python was very easy to learn and I never had to go to class. I highly recommend this class.
Boring. Doesn't respond well to questions, but rather explains what he thinks you were asking. Also doesn't like it if you choose a different approach to something, like SQL. I was very disappointed that this was more of a BTREE C++ course than databases. I hear he is better for Operating systems. I would avoid him.
Clearly explained concepts from the book and knew the subject matter very well. Was always willing to help during office hours and via email. Would definitely take another class taught by him.
It's a given that he's not as good as Chen, but now that Chen is no longer teaching 482, he's all we have. A decent professor who didn't seem to live up to the horrible billing others gave him, but not amazing by any means. Was helpful in showing us why we were failing the autograder a few times, but wasn't overly helpful

Raw comments for Rada Mihalcea from University of Michigan, at RMP link https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1915339:
Rada is a great teacher. She is a reputed researcher in NLP so she knows the material very well. She is willing to give feedback and help during office hours or after class.
Fantastic class - I liked the term project at the end, since it was so research oriented and open-ended. She has a very clear teaching style and works through simple examples to make concepts stick. Coding assignments are enjoyable, not needlessly tricky like in other classes.
Great professor and Info Retrieval is fun! Its a moderate workload and her exams are open book and notes and honestly that's how it should be for all EECS classes cause what is the point of memorizing?
One of the best EECS classes I've taken at U of M - she teaches very clearly, gives a manageable amount of work, and is very approachable.
Very good, teaches very clearly, learned a lot. Projects are manageable and help emphasize the material.
My favorite class this semester, and one of the best classes I've taken at Michigan. The assignments are kind of time consuming, but I feel they help me understand the algorithms we cover in class much better.
Very bad and unorganized lectures. The class material was out of touch with recent developments.
Rada is an excellent professor, however her Information Retrieval class seemed a bit unorganized at times. I recommend both the class and the professor.
Very knowledgeable and very kind. She explains concepts really well and is always willing to answer questions.
Not the most clear, so lectures aren't always worth going to. Take this class with Deorio instead if you can.

Raw comments for Westley Weimer from University of Michigan, at RMP link https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2277209:
Prof. Weimer cares about his students. He makes lectures interesting, fun, and relevant. I have never enjoyed a professor's lecture style so much before and I feel like I genuinely learn in his classes.
EECS 481 lectures were a blast. This man is seriously so funny it was like attending stand-up. I personally really enjoyed the content and the assignments but I cannot recommend taking this course with anyone else when you can take it with Wes. Long piazza essays are great reads. Those of you rating 1/5 are breaking my heart in real-time
He's a perfect professor who gives fantastic lectures and is extremely helpful with his piazza posts. Projects are not that hard and logic of the spec is clear (for educated CS major students lol, or any student who graduate from high school).
Seriously? The IAs for this class doesn't know anything and told us wrong information about the project. Also, the project specifications were poorly written with nonexistent logic. I believe that this class was designed to simply stress students out.
The 481 class is a piece of useless tuition-draining garbage for real. You cannot learn anything useful from this class that can be actually applied to the field of software engineering. We were required to use stone-age tools to complete difficult projects that are completely irrelevant to software engineering. IAs are not helpful at all too.
Wes is the best CS professor I've ever had, hands down. He is engaging and funny during lectures and cares about giving good grades (hence, no curve). He cares about Software Engineering and makes the class really interesting. I would recommend that every CS student take his class, especially before an internship. The projects are interesting too!
What can I say more??? He is the best professor in CSE!!! He is willing to help every student to succeed. He is always patient about every question/piazza post student brought up. I sincerely hope he can teach more CS courses. I've taken so many CS courses at umich. Some professors are just bad and they don't respect you. But, Wes is the best.
Wes Weimer makes lectures so engaging that I actually pay attention for the entire class period without problem. He also genuinely cares about his students and is willing to talk outside class
What is there to say about Wes that hasn't already been said? Everyone needs to take at least one class taught by this guy.
Prof. Weimer is an amazing lecturer. He manages to make every lecture interesting. The class is one of the easier EECS classes and teaches some very important and valuable concepts regarding software engineering. During COVID-19, he was one of the most caring professors I had experience with, often staying late to offer emotional support OH.
Best lecturer I saw at Michigan - and I only attended a couple of his lectures. He could make How to Watch Paint Dry 101 the most worthwhile class to attend in-person at Michigan. He is that good a lecturer. Incredibly smart and funny and engaging as a speaker. If you are going into software engineering after school, EECS 481 is worthwhile.
My favorite professor at U-M. He's an incredibly knowledgeable and engaging lecturer. He'll provide an in-depth perspective on just about anything you ask on Piazza.
Probably the best EECS professor Ive had at UofM, and maybe my favorite teacher ever - hes incredibly well-read, respectful, and funny. Im a fan of philosophy, so Wes Piazza posts on the subject became something I actually started to look forward to. Dont be tricked by Atlas, however, as the class is actually curved to around a B/B+.
The best EECS professor at Michigan. Relatively new to the school so many don't realize what they are missing out on. Get in his classes before the secret is out.
I had Wes for EECS 481. He is by far the best professor in the EECS department at the University of Michigan. He actually gives a sh*t about all of his students, he is incredibly smart, witty, and inspirational. There are levels to this, and Wes is on one all by himself.
Amazing teacher. Somehow makes learning about boring software engineering principles interesting.
I had him for 481 this semester, and I was really glad I did. Lectures were interesting and engaging. The homework can be tedious at times but it follows lecture content pretty well. Reading quizzes can be annoying, but without an incentive EECS peeps would probably stay at home and make lecture less engaging. Good job Wes!
Wes's lectures are so engaging and hilarious - you learn the material while laughing the whole time. He also has a really strong emphasis on science and truth. He can provide a citation for virtually any of his claims.
Wes is a FANTASTIC lecturer. He is so engaging and funny. If you ever have a chance to take a class with him, you MUST.

Raw comments for Brian Noble from University of Michigan, at RMP link https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/140940:
I had a high workload semester when I took 482 so I didn't do that great. The projects are rewarding and exams are difficult. Maybe my life would have been easier if Prof. Noble spent less time talking about himself in lecture and more about operating systems.
Smart guy, but has a cold attitude when talking to students
Professor Noble was great all semester long. His lectures are clean and engaging and he seems to truly care about the wellbeing of his students. Beyond just course material, I would recommend Professor Noble because he is fair and honest with students. The class itself is hard and time consuming but I enjoyed it.
Really amazing and kind professor. Exam grading was a bit weird, but overall excellent course and excellent professor.
I walked into 482 way over my head, but because of Noble's amazing explanations in lecture, I learned more in this course than in any other course at U of M. I also had a major personal safety crisis that semester and Noble was the only EECS prof that was the slightest bit understanding of my situation. He really cared about me as a human.
I'm surprised that so many people hate him this much. Sure his exam can be vague and some of them look for a specific answer that is not led clearly, but other questions are project-based and if you contribute to the project fairly you will get it. I absolutely love his stories, about how his failures and how he improved the design from that.
Has unclear lectures, and is generally unclear and misleading on the materials and the exams.
Gives clear explanations about concepts in class. Very personable in telling us his mistakes in his career and what he would do differently while not detracting from class. Students who say that he is not a caring person or that he wastes time talking about himself are just robots who simply go to class to have information downloaded into them.
Noble ruined my 482 experience. If you want to have "this class is neither graded on a straight scale of curve," "we'll be happy to discuss the details of the project after deadline closes," and be told that perfection is not the goal while curving down and never giving you hints. Extremely narrow-minded person. With care, -b
I thought Professor Noble was one of the best EECS professors I've had. The content is extremely challenging but he made good use of analogies and explained hard to grasp concepts well imo. The class is completely project based, and the projects specs could have been written better, but I don't believe that's a reflection on Noble.
Don't get the negative feedback. The key complaint was people didn't like the exams because it was more of a written exam, which led to a lot of vague grading. I agree due to the grading your score could've swung in either +10/-10% direction. However, compared to past exams, there's lot more room for partial credit and better for bad test takers.
I am very confused by the other recent ratings. He gave a super real talk in our last lecture and is the only STEM prof i've had that was trying humanly relate to the students. Sure, he talks about himself and stuff, but I think that's just part of his personality. That being said, that is just my experience.
Personally, I found that Prof. Noble's lectures inspirational, and I felt like he explained concepts clearly. In contrast to other reviews, Noble is not a narcissistic: he often mentions in class his failed projects and what lessens he took away from them. My only critique is the excruciating exams: he looks for specific answers in vague questions.
Marks down both students who do too little work and too much work in group projects. By effectively forcing students to lie about contribution to do well, Brian removes any sort of accountability from group projects, encouraging students to do the minimum amount of work. Grades exams like your tenth grade English teacher. -b
Doesn't take student concern as feedback: rather than reviewing topics students find confusing, finds it more useful to go on spiels about his graduate experience. Exams aren't graded for understanding, but whether you got the one answer he believes is right and use the buzzwords he wants you to use, even if they mean the same thing. With care, -b
Devotes about a fifth/sixth of class time to talking about himself. Makes excuses for everything he does; never holds himself accountable when his class has shortcomings. Exams are like an English class; they have vague, unclear expectations. Punishes you for doing too much work on projects. All in all, just an advocate for not being accountable.
bad
I think bnoble is a caring person, at least that's how he came across. I was not impressed at all with the long tangents he goes on during lectures, unclear grading criteria when it comes to exams, loves double jeopardy for grading, and a terrible explainer/helper when it comes to projects. "He is only concerned with himself" is fully justified.
I'm really surprised about the other reviews on here, I think he's a great guy. Really cared about students learning and absorbing the material and I thought the lectures were clear with tagents to serve as short breaks from the 90 minute lectures. My only critique is the limited office hours, but I can understand why
482 is a great class, but Professor Noble is probably one of the worst Professors I had at Michigan. His lectures are confusing, he goes on big tangents, and he is not helpful in office hour at all.
I don't know what to say. The worst professor I've ever met. Just like the last rating: He only cares about himself. Don't take 482 with him.
One of the worst human beings i met, totally concerned only with himself
He made the class; he knows his stuff; he's funny; you want him as your professor.
Effective and clear throughout the lecture. Encourages student involvement, and uses a variety of approaches to make student feel comfortable/awake. Excellent written notes covering each lecture
Excellent professor. GO TO LECTURES!! Handwriting could use some work. If you have any problems with the material, sit near the front so you can keep track of the lecture. He will answer your questions until you are satisfied you understand, but only if you are there to do so. EECS 280 is not easy, only take it if you are interested in programming.
Awesome professor. Every day he came to class well prepared, and kept me interested with really interesting material. His style is very engaging, and not at all droll. His projects were relevant and relatively easy. He was very approachable and great with questions. And he always provided a 5 min break to give us all a breather/ clear anything up
Very clear in his explanation. He really made sure every student is on the same page before he proceeds: he spent one lecture to answer students' questions and re-explain previous materials, when he was supposed to teach iterators. Probably the best professor and most interesting class I had in UMich so far!
One of the best professors at umich
His lectures notes are very clear (even more than the book). Projects are helpful in understanding the material. However, he shows you no mercy for projects. No late projects, and if it doesn't compile, you are screwed no matter if it's something really silly or a major mistake.
Noble is totally cool! He's brilliant and funny, and he knows how to make the most difficult and boring material both understandable and interesting. You will not learn just about the syntax of C++, but about how to actually think about programming. Simply amazing!
The least helpful teacher I have ever met. He would give me a smart!@# answer every time I asked him a question. My advice is take Prof. Ringenberg for EECS 280 and not Noble.
Noble is by far one of the best lecturers I've had here. He's the only class this term that I actually want to attend. He keeps the whole class interested even when talking about really tough concepts. The average on the first test was very low (52%), so I don't know how good he is about preparing exams. In general though, he's an amazing teacher!
Best professor I've had at UM. If you're not into CS, don't take his class. But if you are, he will teach you everything you've ever wanted to know if you ask. Best lecture notes ever, better than any textbook I've ever seen. Funny in class, always super-prepared, incredibly sharp and intelligent. If you can take this class, and are in EECS, DO IT!
One of my favorite professors thus far. Very enthusiastic about computer science and very approachable. I definitely recommend taking a class from him. Don't procrastinate on the projects and make sure you know the material for the exams. Very helpful class though, highly recommended.
Worst Class ive ever taken, spending 40 hours on a project and getting most of it wrong is typical. Exams are impossible.
Noble is a great guy and a decent teacher, but nearly everything you have to do in the class you must figure out yourself. you are expected to be skilled in C++ before taking it. Exams are really hard, projects are extremely long and painful. Dont take this class unless you have to
Runs a good class. Well organized and effective communicator. The class moves fast though so keep up! Be prepared to spend around 20 hours on each project. Start early. The exams are deadly! No joke!
Great prof! But do NOT miss a single lecture or you will be completely lost forever. Projects arent too bad if you start them early and leave yourself about 15-25 hours per project (after P2). Prof is VERY familiar with the class but exams are nasty so make sure you score in the projects. And again, do NOT miss a single one of his lectures.
Noble is the best professor I've ever had. He makes lectures fun and interesting. I also enjoyed most of the projects. Noble is also extremely helpful, personally showing me how to use gdb and emacs. The material was very well orgainized and example code aided with solid understanding. The one topic I still feel shaky about is the lecture I missed!
Great professor, he loves what he teaches. Makes it very interesting.
Pretty easy and laid back class, projects are simple (if you know c and have program before), I thought the class would be more demanding, but this is still an introduction to data structures, and materials are similar to EECS 183, a good professor, a nice guy, Although I am a political science major, I enjoy taking EECS with Professor Noble!
Good, engaging lecturer. Posts the lecture notes on CTools some time after the lectures. Projects don't take too much time if you already know C++.
Lectures were fun. Good guy with lots of stories about random subjects. usually shares stories, because he seems to be perpetually ahead of the other lecture. Good EECS humor.
Very interesting professor. I had a lecture when he spent most of the time talking about Xbox. Explain things really clearly and most of the students liked him. The programming assignments are long though and prepared to spend at least 15 hours on each of them. Exams are alright, but nothing close to easy.
Noble keeps a lecture hall attentive with engaging lectures. Lays out material in very structural form. answers questions within class, and tells enjoyable stories when they arise. Noble's not afriad to let you infer the truth about a question he shouldn't answer too.
Good lecturer, does a good job of answering all questions even with a lecture hall of people. Tells interesting stories but teaches all of the material and teaches it well. Wants students to do well, and is very accessible outside of class. As mentioned before, though, start your projects early as they are pretty tricky most of the time.
good lecturer, just horrible in terms of outside help. doesn't answer emails very often, and refuses to help outside of office hours.
My favorite professor at U of M. I have a low attention span but he was really engaging and funny and EXTREMELY good at explaining everything. Did a good job of making sure everyone was following even in a HUGE class. Even though I had low expectations for the class I ended up with near-perfect attendance because I really enjoyed his teaching.
pace on your projects! discussion useless
Lectures are very clear and helpful. Projects are also very useful. Responsive to class' level of interest/boredom and adjusts pace. Geniunely interested in material and willing to help outside of class.
Classes are OK. Utterly useless in advising.
One of my favorite profs

Raw comments for John Benedict from University of Michigan, at RMP link https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2244255:
Very kind professor, who genuinely had me excited to come to lecture. He recorded so students could come asynchronously, but I recommend attending lecture as it's fun to be there and engage with the content. Outside my major, but my background from high school + attending lectures was enough to carry me through this course. Highly recommend!
This class was really nice. It wasn't hard in the slightest - I got an A on our midterm by going through lecture slides and taking notes the week preceding the exam. But going to lecture is recommended, just because Professor B. is a cool guy who cares about his class and subject. If you need NSci credits, do this.
Not hard - A's are achievable. Dr. Benedict is very passionate about the subject, making lectures interesting and engaging. He cares greatly and puts effort into each lecture and activity. Many assignments are unconventional, like tasting activity worksheets or grocery store inventories. Learned a lot about food: production, sourcing, and culture.
He's a real good guy. Gives good info and lets you come to conclusions. Adjusted well to Covid. Very helpful and approachable. I recommend taking advantage of his generous study guide; if you can answer everything on there you are in good shape for exams.
Chill class, good NS credit. Lecture attendance not mandatory, discussion is, but it's super easy. Annoying group project, easy papers, exams aren't bad, he gives study guides but only like 20% of the info is on the exam. Would definitely recommend.
Dr. Benedict is very smart and caring and is a terrific lecturer. Very passionate. Exams are passable, but the material is sometimes verbose, and there's a lot of vocab. Easy and educational NS credit.
If you're looking for a pretty chill science class, this would probably be a good choice because the content is relatively easy and the workload isn't that heavy. The topics are really interesting and important, but I feel like it would have been more impactful if John had shared his opinion more instead of focusing on being unbiased.
John is an extremely knowledgeable botanist and a genuine person. This class was made for him to teach; he embodies both the academic and ethnographic aspects of the class. John wants all of his students to succeed and listens to suggestions.
John is super engaging, the class gives a fantastic overview of environmental issues, and the tests are very straightforward. He also provides study guides for exams, which is so helpful. Make sure to use them and you'll definitely get an A!
Easy low stress class to fill your schedule. The lectures are really interesting, and through Benedict is not the most exciting lecturer ever, he is straight forward and politely honest. Grade is based off midterm, final, and the discussion section, which involves mostly participation and an easy group project. Would highly suggest the class
Lectures are really boring but John is a solid guy
Great, easy going professor who got stuck teaching an intro. Very chill and approachable. The class is really easy (coming from a polsci major). If you're looking for an easy NS this is it.
John is gr8. Hes funny and chill and is really accomodating & easy to talk to. He will definitely help you out. He normally lets lecute out early and says things like oh cool its only 12:30, i guess were done, have a great day. Really enjoyed the class because of him despite the intro level material.
I love John so much because he's so easy-going and that makes it easy to ask questions if you don't understand. 10/10 would take another class with him
This class was my favorite by far here at umich. Dr. Benedict is a great professor--he really cares about the topics he goes over in class, which makes it all more interesting. Lectures aren't mandatory, but I suggest going because they are very informative of current issues. Super easy, just read every now and then, take notes, and you'll be good.
AMAZONG professor!
John is one of the best professors I've had at Michigan. He is an amazing person, an excellent speaker, and he truly wants you to learn. 10/10 would recommend!
This particular class is insightful if you dont know anything about ecological issues, or if you do, its a great refresher. The assignments and tests are easy, and the Professor is laid back and nice.
John is by far my favorite professor at Michigan. He is passionate about the subjects he teaches and really cares about student success in his classes. I took EEB 455 at the biostation and it was an amazing, life-changing, experience.
Amazing lecturer and very approachable. Clearly passionate about the subject matter, and does a great job of explaining it! Lectures aren't mandatory, but would still highly recommend going. One of my favorite classes I've taken in my 3 years at Michigan, definitely learned a lot.
I took ethnobotany at the biological station with John and it's probably the best class I've ever taken. Super caring and thoughtful man, basically got me interested in plants after coming in with zero knowledge. Learned more in one spring term class than in the entire year on campus.
Straightforward lecturer, usually didn't use the full time. Cares about the subject but clearly got stuck teaching an intro course that isn't in-depth on any interesting topic in particular. I would strongly recommend going to the lectures even though attendance is not required. There are things he'll emphasize in lecture that will help you.
John is a great professor. He is clear about the material and the content is relatively common sense. Even though he is a newer professor, he is doing a nice job. Also, even though lectures are optional, be sure to go. If you go to the lectures, you don't even need to read the book to ace tests, because he sums the book's content concisely.
John is a pretty solid professor. He's new and relatively timid/inexperienced, however his lectures are easy to follow and simplified for non-STEM majors. In addition, the exams were really straightforward and he makes a study guide that outlines exactly what you need to know for the exam. Really easy NS class (coming from a history major)
John is one of the best professors I have ever had at umich. The class is easy, we read a chapter from a book each night, but the chapters were so interesting. The homework is answering discussion classes. Two exams, one presentation (five minutes on a case study), one fake grant proposal, one analysis of a paper (3 pages). HIGHLY recommend.

Raw comments for Michael LoPresto from University of Michigan, at RMP link https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2300313:
Easy A if you show up to class and do the assignments, which aren't hard. Neat sense of humor too
Was honestly my favorite class in my first semester of college. The information is very mythological story focused but you learn very simple astro information. The discussion sections are where you try those astro methods and can be somewhat difficult as Michael doesn't go over them in class, but its very doable as long as you go to the discussion.
Talks very slow, lecture capture on 2x speed is tolerable. Knows what he's talking about, is relatively interesting, is very clear with guidelines and assignments are low stress. A nice guy, though he does send messages in all caps which seems intense, but it's not. A great class, he does care about the student perspective.
I didn't attend a lot of the lectures bc it was an early class and he posted all the lecture slides on Canvas, but the ones I did go to he was genuinely so funny and made an otherwise boring topic fun. Assignments are all extremely easy, if you do all of them there's no way you don't get at least a B.
(Summer 2021, Online, Asynchronous) This class was fully asynchronous which made it extremely convenient for me to complete. It involved watching short videos almost every week, which were then followed by 7 exercises and quizzes - one each week. I would strongly recommend this 1-credit class for an easy A.
(COVID semester) From my experience this class was super straightforward. There were only 7 weekly assignments, in addition to 7 quizzes (they were open note and 1 hr long for only a few questions-- super easy). There are NO exams for this class, so that was a plus. We could work ahead on assignments if we wanted and finish the class early on.
I asked him if I could make up a quiz after I had a weekend of working 20 hours, and he showed only disrespect and no sympathy and didn't let for even partial credit. I messed up, but in an era of a pandemic and hardships, he should be more understand this.
At first comes off as a bit gruff, but really genuinely cares about students and is very knowledgable about the subject. He is also absolutely hilarious. As long as you are present and do the work in class, and the observations outside of class (which are in no way difficult) you will do fine and enjoy it.
GREAT lecturer, very interesting and absolutely hilarious.
Very interesting and fun lectures
Prof. Lopresto was a great teacher, with a quirky sense of humor that isn't for everyone (not the most pc but always joking; I liked his jokes anyways). Though his jokes are a bit old school, I think it's endearing that he tries to be himself and doesn't self-sensor much. He was an easy grader, and sent homework email reminders daily (for summer).
He's funny and relatable - i.e. doesn't make attendance mandatory because he says he always skipped class in college. He has a vendetta against technological devices which is kind of annoying, but he has pretty low expectations that are easy to meet. He doesn't post slides, though, which can make it difficult. Overall, a solid professor.
MCL is a beauty. He is a funny guy and is passionate about teaching his class. It's basically a free credit about an interesting topic.
This class is an easy A, and you don't even have to show up for class. Professor LoPresto is a good lecturer, just pay attention to his questions at the beginning of every lecture and you'll get points for more than half of the final exam.
Very easy class. Going to lecture is not required, but can be helpful because there are no posted lecture slides. There is a lot of extra credit so as long as you do the hw and do decent on the exam you will get an A.
You definitely don't have to show up to this class to pass it, but you'll want to because LoPresto is a really animated and interesting lecturer, and he's accessible outside of classes. This course is interesting and requires almost 0 work, perfect to top of your schedule.

Raw comments for Marcus Darden from University of Michigan, at RMP link https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1991134:
Professor Darden makes 281 lectures fun. He has a ton of personality and you can tell he loves computer science. Would have him for every EECS course if possible.
The Darden - Paoletti dynamic duo is the cornerstone of EECS 281. His lectures are amazing and I recommend trying both his and Paoletti's lectures to figure out what works best for you. He is just very chill and explains difficult concepts clearly. The short videos he made were godsends for exams.
Great guy with great lectures.
Prof Darden is an incredible educator and teacher. He doesn't communicate down to you, but with you. His clarity of speech and precise knowledge has him deliver some incredible lectures and truly solidifies our understanding of the material. He goes out of his way to help students, and is the pinnacle of a Computer Science educator.
Darden is probably the most down to earth and humble professor there is. Very friendly during lectures and very clearly explains what he's talking about (dynamic programming is messy, he makes it clear). A real good professor.
Great guy. I have him as my EECS advisor as well. Really caring of students and is able to capture attention very well. His voice is one that you do not drown out and he presents information very well. Humble and accomplishes, he is always willing to help you learn. An excellent professor for a gateway class, and I'm happy most students can havehim
Prof Darden is a very humorous person who loves to make jokes in lectures, while letting us learn a lot. His lectures are crystal clear.
Very funny guy, explains concepts well. This class is a lot of work and they are very upfront about it. But you will learn a lot. They want you to be successful in getting jobs and internships. Projects are easy to get 90+ if you start early. Exams can be tough, but most semesters there is a generous curve. You can't go wrong with him or Dr P
Darden is obviously very passionate about the subject he teaches and is a very engaging lecturer. Clearly cares about his students. Had him for 201 not 281, although from his 281 lectures that I watched, it seems like he is just as good for 281.
Funny guy with great lectures. Cares a lot about students.
Darden was very funny and had engaging lectures. Attendance wasnt required and had lectures posted online, so classes were pretty empty but his lectures were good regardless. Going to proffice hours for projects is really advantageous if you want to do well.
Great lectures by this guy. Makes you interested in the material.
Prof Darden was great to take 281 with
super helpful in office hours -- if you can't go, they usually post videos on piazza.
Darden is extremely chill. He knows his stuff and consistently gives great lectures. This course is relatively easy and doesn't carry much stress overall. It's just a fun time that you get to have with Professor Darden once a week.
Never attended lecture but watched his lectures online. Very engaging, funny, and friendly, plus he has awesome hair.
Solid lectures and great guy overall (very approachable). Proffice Hours were really helpful except they can get really busy before deadlines (ex. 4 hour long queue) so get in the queue early. Projects are super time consuming but manageable if you start early and go to Office Hours. Tests are pretty hard and are graded strictly.
He's great at explanations and definitely made the class a lot easier. 281 is as time-consuming as people say it is, but his lectures are very thorough and you'll understand the material after each one. Exams, on the other hand, they're brutal.
This class should be 6 credits. It really is as much work as everybody makes it out to be, but you do get a lot out of the class. Darden was fairly good at explaining the material, but unlike Dr. P, did not really give us hints about the projects in lecture. Still, I learned a lot and enjoyed taking the class with him. Go to proffice hours.
281 is really as much work as people make it out to be, so be prepared to devote between 20 to 30 hrs a week to this class. Darden is a great (and super funny) professor who is really helpful. Might not always be able to find your bugs in office hrs, but is still excellent. His lectures are enjoyable, if only they were not so early in the morning.
Professor Darden is an amazing instructor. Unique professor who really cares about his students and how well they are doing in his class. I also ended up keeping up with him after taking his class which is cool to know he really does care about the well being of his students. Thank you for everything Professor Darden if you are reading this!
Darden is a great professor. I suck at the projects and shouldn't have taken it, but I truly understand the material and did well on the exams thanks to Professor Darden. I would take any class he taught.
Professor Darden is amazing. He makes really complicated topics so much easier to understand. He does a lot of examples so you can see how things actually work. I would take any class with him, lectures are never boring and he really just wants everyone to understand what he's teaching .
Professor Darden is a fantastic professor. He came to UM a little over a year ago and I'm really glad I got him for 281. Dr. P is also great, but Darden made the difficult material (a little) easier to understand.
Darden is a great teacher: he's extremely helpful and knows exactly what he's talking about- He spends a lot of time helping students
Darden is the man. He's always incredibly helpful and respectful. He spends tons of extra time helping us with projects when the deadlines get near. He stayed with us til 8pm the other night when it was completely not required of him. His lectures are interactive and interesting. He isn't even our professor we just met him and he stole our hearts.

